Fix nil panic in concurrentFind (#5248)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fix some logic to prevent a nil panic. [#5246](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/5246)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where search would sometimes crash with a panic due to a nil pointer. [#5246](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/5246)
```
